I'm Victoria,
I'm a security engineer at Google.
When I first applied for
a cybersecurity job, I felt overwhelmed.
I was not a traditionally educated
in computer science applicant,
I actually majored in biology.
So anytime a recruiter saw my resume,
I would kind of get this little like fear that
they would see that bio major and
say, why are you even applying?
And just immediately disregard my resume.
I would consider the team that
I work on to be very diverse.
We have a lot of different people
from different backgrounds.
One of the benefits that I feel from
having a diverse team is that you can
have these different
perspectives on a problem.
That if all of you had
the same background for,
you might not come up
with this new solution.
Having someone that's new to the team,
maybe new to the industry, and
having that perspective can really help to
make things more accessible for everyone.
It's important to continue to learn in
the field of cybersecurity because things
change all the time.
What was once a big threat a few years ago
might not be the same as it is for today.
Trying to keep pace with how things
are changing all the time is
something that is a core
part of my job role.
To support my continued education
in security, I take courses,
try to get certificates if I can along the
way, but a lot of it is just keeping up on
current industry news, whether that be
a new blog post about a breach that
has happened or a detailed analysis of
a new malware that has been released.
Try to keep at least
a surface level knowledge of
the different trends in the industry.
I often go to BSides Conferences.
These are smaller and
locally organized conferences.
So you have more of a chance to interact
with your local security community, which
is something you wouldn't get at a huge
conference like, say, DEFCON or Black hat.
Meeting people locally is a great way
to see what's out there in your area,
and meet other folks that are local
that you can talk to more consistently,
that are also interested in security.
Before I got into my role,
I wish that I knew that it was okay
that you don't know everything.
You don't have to know everything.
You have teammates and other people that
can help you with areas that you're weak
in, so don't feel stressed if you don't
know everything there is about security,
because no one does.
Working in security is a lot of fun.
A lot of things can happen.
It's never the same day to day.
So if you like things that are dynamic and
always changing,
then security is the right field for you.